1 - "You can press <tt>Ctrl-R</tt> to reconcile a transaction in transactions list."

2 - "Grisbi automatically saves a copy of your work if it segfaults.

Thus it is unlikely that you loose any data in case Grisbi encounters a segmentation error."

3 - "Grisbi can import Gnucash files natively, then you don't loose your work when you switch from Gnucash to Grisbi."

4 - "You can organize transactions into budgetary lines, which are budgetary items (why money is spent) that can help you classify your spendings.

Combined with categories (how money is spend), budgetary lines are a powerful way to analyse budget and to make reports."

5 - "You can create categories or budgetary lines directly by typing them in transaction form.

If you write a category or a budgetary line which name contains a ':', a sub-category or sub-budgetary line will be created as well."

6 - "You can encrypt your Grisbi files to improve your privacy.  Just select the \"Encrypt Grisbi file\" in preferences window and enter a password next time you save your file.

Encryption is irreversible, if you loose your password, there is NO WAY to restore your Grisbi accounts.  Use with caution !"

7 - "You can efficiently manage your professional expenses with Grisbi.

Create a 'Professional expenses' budgetary line and put all professional expenses there.  When you are paid, split your salary as a breakdown of transaction, with both a 'Salary' part and a 'Profesionnal expenses' part.  

Then, you can create a new report that sums up transactions from the 'Profesionnal expenses' budgetary line and see the balance."

8 - "You can double-click on any date entry to pop up a calendar in order to enter a date more easily."

9 - "You can use the import facility to automatically reconcile transactions against a QIF or OFX file from your online bank."

10 - "You can configure the contents of the transaction list.

Right-click on a cell of the transaction list and select the 'Change cell content' option.  Then select any content you want and configure transaction list to your needs."

11 - "You can configure fields displayed in the transaction form.

Go to the 'preferences' dialog and select the 'Form content' option.  Then you can click on fields to be displayed and drag them through the form to adjust their position."

12 - "No more tip available !  Please send any tips you know to grisbi-devel@lists.sourceforge.net so that we can include them in next version for all users."
